OK so let's start building the Pole for this.
We're going to go right here at the bottom and we have we can have some will who will be the next champion.
No.
Just a poll.
And I'll just something right here.
You can have two thousand three hundred fifty nine.
You're going to have the same values.
So this is coming from the server.
The server is just rendering whatever value we have.
First you know first second and third.
So if I click right here Goans state is going to change the positions he's going to calculate which
has more votes and then it's just going to give us back the correct order other of everything.
So let's start with this.
I'm going to go to the Jason Jason and right here that if you did Jason you can have something that
says Paul but I didn't use this.
I just change it right now.
Just changed how this is going to work because you know in real life you can have just a date of database
just one database that is going to have all the teams and you can have all the data right there.
So you can use the same teams.
So what is this is what's doing it's calling the teams to spring the teams from the server and it's
bringing the three elements that have a pool and equal to two.
You know we have the Atlanta Hawks right here and we have Paul faults.
So it's not bringing that data.
So whenever we have to he's going to bring that and now we're going to have a count.
So it's only bringing the ones that have a count.
So this is pretty much the the whole idea and.
OK so let's start building this are going to go back to home and right here at the bottom we will need
this components.
The thing is that with this component we can begin to bring a different database.
Not that this the state at home is going to bring this state that teams are going to handle everything
inside this component.
That's a creative component going to go right here at the top.
And I'm just going to import it for now because say import and then I'm going to say Pull right then
from and it's going to be of course DOD for Slash and pull dog for Slash and pole.
Very good.
They're going to go right here and create the components in a new fall and then pull the Jazz frigate.
So this one is going to be state class component because we need to fetch data safe everything into
the state and then we need to gravitate to mutate what we have right here.
So I'm just going to go ahead and create a class based component is going to say import react react
react react.
Then you're going to bring components and I'm going to say component right.
Going to make it better.
Component we bring it from and react Breguet.
This one is going to be a class.
So I'm going to say Paul and extents and then components and be open and close.
You're going to render some dummy text and call the render method.
And then of course we want to return some GSX.
I'm going to say dev poll Burguet.
And since we won this component to be available from other components we say export default.
And then just pull OK.
So it's this component is going to have a state.
I'm going to call the constructor science going to say constructor and then open you can pass the props.
We don't need that anyways.
It's going to say prompts and then to super and prop's right.
OK.
Everything looks fine.
We can have a state but this is going to be this dot state and it's going to be equal to something and
it's going to say pull teams now just going to add this and leave it empty.
So what are we going to do.
At the component.
It's it's loading.
It's going to load.
It's going to bring all the data.
Now I'm going to go to home and see what we have right here.
I'm going to just import the components so we can at least see it on the screen.
Right.
So if I just read the page we get right here Paul.
Very good.
So let's go back to Paul.
So now whenever this component loads you can trigger a function.
OK.
We're going to trigger a function that is going to go to the database to the adjacent server and bring
all only the teams with the searching criteria.
So let's start building this.
This is going to be inside a container.
It's going to be class name and it's going to be home.
Paul Burguet you can have a title.
It's going to be H-3 and it's going to say who will be the next champion.
I'm not a big fan of the NBA.
You know I'd like the NBA but I'm not a big fan.
You know I really really like the NBA I mean that not a big fan.
I'm from Argentina.
Right here the main sport it's football soccer or whatever you want to call it.
And you know I kinda like that sport.
So this one is going to have right here we get just a call to the function and bring the items so we
can at St. Paul container you know make sense.
So this one is going to call to a function is going to bring whatever data we have and then it's going
to render it.
So this function is going to be called this and to render poll.
OK.
Let's get
nice.
So of course we don't have the function yet.
It's going to create it right now and it's going to look a little bit weird.
I'm going to just tell you which problems begin to we can have in just one minute to say render poll
right.
So this render poll when it's going to do it's going to grab whatever information we have in the state
polls.
And so those are on this state the poll team's poll teams.
Going to be in a race is going to host three different teams.
So we need to map that.
The things that we don't have the information right now.
So what I'm going to do I'm going to do the.
So we can at least have some data so I'm going to go right here at the top and again it just create
a function that is going to fetch whatever team we need.
So it's going to be fetch Paul.
Right.
This function is going to do a fetch and to do two to make a patch just a network request.
We're going to need a U R L R L is going to be inside.
Just leave me right here inside localhost and teams.
So just like before going to go right here at the top because this increased create of our will that
it's going to host this L.
So it's going to be you r l and Dench's.
I get it just like the other one.
I'm going to say home whatever.
Right.
It can be teams you know just to give it I get them to name it your home.
Doesn't matter.
You can call it whatever you want.
OK.
So I'm going to go to fetch.
Fetch Paul is going to say Fetch going to start with that one.
Fetch Burguet.
We're going to open it close and what we use what we need is a u r l.
The thing is that to bring the data we need and we need to pass some arguments some some some settings
to the adjacent server so we can bring only three teams or the teams that have a pool.
True right here.
So OK.
So first I'm going to use template strings and I'm going to call this your L home.
It's going to be for the dollar side and then just or wherever currency and then just you are at home.
Now we can set some attributes are going to use the question.
So what we need to do we need to bring all the results that has have a poll and.
So I'm going to say pull equal.
True.
Right.
So we need to bring more things we're going to check for more things.
So I'm going to do.
And what we need to do is we need to sort their results by count.
If I go to the database we have a count right here.
So we need to put that in order and bring it in order.
You know it's going to show the one that has more counts first and then the other ones of course.
So we do underscored and sort and this one it's going to be equal to count.
Right now what we need to do we need to set the order.
It's going to be underscore or other equal desk that is descending.
You can just arrange it results in a different way.
OK.
So the you are.
It's good.
So we're going to say coma and we going to set the method.
The method is going to be get up not like this just like this.
Get Burguet.
The next thing we need to do.
Whenever we use fecche we can just get the information on a different way so we need to grab that responds
in adjacent format so we can say than write them.
So we're going to grab the response and we're going to pass it to response and call the Jason method.
Jason Burguet OK.
And this of course is going to return something and we need to set a callback.
So we're going to say then and we're going to start creating the Colback.
We're going to grab that Jason and we're going to run a function with whatever we want to do.
So this request is going to bring us pretty much three results with the teams so we can grab this result
which this response is resolved and we can set the state to poll teams.
So since we want to set state.
We say this that said state this is going to be an object and we want to change the poll teams.
So I'm going to say Poll teams and this is going to be equal to whatever we are getting for it.
We Spawn's So this is good it should be working.
The thing is that whenever the application loads we are not calling this function dysfunction it's never
triggering.
So what do we need to do is we need to call it now we're going to call it whenever this component it's
loaded and it's rendered it's mounted we want to call this function.
So we use component that mount you know the life cycle.
We did this many time many times.
Mount Breguet and we just called to this function.
So it's going to be this dot fetch poll very good just to check that we're getting the information correctly.
I'm going to do a log.
And I'm just going to cancel whatever we're getting.
So Jason up there you go counselor.
So in theory if I just do the log check.
We should be getting this data.
And now this is the other one we get to see the array just an array and we can have all the the the
three teams wires Cavalier's and next right here we get the data.
So this is working.
Now what we can do we can grab the state of poll teams and just create a map and then show the data
just like we did many many times.
So let's go to the next section and do this.